emotions are boiling over on the streets
of Tel Aviv meanwhile with demands for
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to
resign 136 hostages are still being held
by Hamas and Gaza and their families are
running out of patience dozens blocked a
major highway on Saturday night lighting
bonfires an Angry Crowd marched on
Military headquarters demanding a deal
with Hamas to free the remaining
hostages DW's Ben fulan
reports the battle lines are drawn
between the demonstrators and
police a 1,000 strong crowd outside
military headquarters police are now
moving in some of them on Horseback to
subdue the protesters things are
reaching Tipping Point here in
[Applause]
Tel they're taking away one protester
after the next
[Applause]
they shouted the police shame on you
what they're doing is they're attacking
protesters um and uh arresting peaceful
uh uh protesters and attacking them uh
choking them trampling them uh doing
exactly what you would expect from a
corrupt militia in a in a dictatorial
country now they're using uh these
horses you do not need to do that in
order to uh clear the streets uh the
protests have been very peace
they've also been growing every week and
becoming more and more political this
was a nation in shock just for months
ago they were dealing with the trauma of
October 7 they were dealing with a war
against Hamas now their Fury is pointed
directly at the Israeli
government this parliament of ours right
now is the government of criminals and
the Parliament of criminals which are
busy robbing the um the economy of this
state and uh taking care of private
interests instead of taking care of the
state which is really what we need right
now just up the road the families of
hostages block a highway setting
bonfires of
Blaze they want the immediate release of
the
captives the same message a kilometer
away at habima Square residents of Tel
Aviv tell me about their fears for
Israeli and Palestinian lives I'm here
because I am a I am strongly against the
violence that is happening in the Gaza
Street as a Israeli citizen I'm I'm
devastated to live my life normally
while this is happening an hour away
from me the situation is just
unbearable the government we have here
is just destroying the country
destroying the future of my children we
are in a situation that is so sad and so
deeply deeply disturbing that we just
cannot continue to stay home and not say
anything we need to have elections never
ever so many people have died in Israel
in one war and this is one government
that is in charge for this and they're
not taking any responsibility for what
happened and it's
unbelievable 126 days of War how much
longer will netanyahu's Coalition
last let's bring in our Jerusalem
correspondent Tanya Kramer Tanya
protesters are demanding the return of
the hostages that remain in Gaza but
there's a lot more Brewing under the
surface isn't
there well absolutely and uh we've seen
this here in the past weeks that you
know those protests have been growing
louder and larger you see sometimes on
Saturday evenings there now
anti-government protests that are
merging then into those vigils and
protests uh for bringing uh the
remaining hostages uh home so there are
many people out here in the streets uh
in uh Israel while you have to say
there's still a large majority of the
Israeli public supporting the war but
there's a lot of anger in how uh the
Israeli government is handling uh the
particular issue of the hostages over
130 hostages are still held in Gaza by
Hamas and other militant groups and uh
over about 20 of them are presumed dead
and people here are saying that uh their
time is basically running out uh that
the uh government policy of maximum
pressure on Hamas to reach another deal
is clearly not uh working out but at the
same time we are seeing also that more
more people are coming out uh and saying
that there needs to be a change in
leadership and calling for elections and
as the report said uh more and more
people are criticizing uh prime minister
Benyamin Netanyahu in particular uh
people here are very angry uh at him
because he has never taken uh full
responsibility uh for the security
failures uh linked to the October 7 uh
Terror attacks by uh Hamas and also
they're saying he's lacking a clear view
or he's not uh showing you know what
will happen uh after uh the war in Gaza
ends particularly also given uh that
there might be another escalation uh
between Israel and Hezbollah in the
north potentially Another War uh coming
up in the region criticism is as you as
you point out growing louder and louder
inside the country as well as outside
how has the government responded so
far well they didn't really respond on
to it and I think um what we've been
hearing from prime minister Netanyahu
especially is that he said he's
deferring all the criticism to after the
war he has said we're in a war the
country needs to stand together this is
also why then you know the smaller War
cabinet was formed where some of the
opposition uh figures joined but we are
seeing more and more cracks there and I
think if they would decide at some point
um you know that they wouldn't stay in
this war cabinet then we might see
things uh unravel but for the time being
it is more uh the Mantra by prime
minister Benyamin Netanyahu uh that
everything else you know the
investigation what happened on October 7
uh uh how whether there will be
elections this is all deferred to
someday after whenever that will be an
approach that doesn't seem to convince
many Israelis that was Tanya Kramer
thank you so
much